[Vote] Governance update around maintainership (#4875)
cortexproject/cortex: GOVERNANCE.md

The Cortex project employs voting to ensure no single member can dominate the project. Any maintainer may cast a vote. To avoid having a single company dominate the project, at most two votes from maintainers working for the same company will count.

For formal votes, a specific statement of what is being voted on should be added to the relevant github issue or PR, and a link to that issue or PR added to the maintainers meeting agenda document.

> Maintainers should indicate their yes/no vote on that issue or PR, and after a suitable period of time (minimum 2 business weeks), the votes will be tallied and the outcome noted. Mainainers who do not cast a vote, after a suitable period of time, are not included in the marjority calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintainers should indicate their yes/no vote on that issue or PR, and after a suitable period of time (minimum 2 business weeks), the votes will be tallied and the outcome noted. Maintainers who do not cast a vote, after a suitable period of time, are not included in the majority calculation.
```
